Brother's coming on a date.
What do I love?
I'm dating my son.
I also have friends to watch.
This one is okay.
This is even better.
Let me see.
Honey, I've got a lot of dates.
How much does it cost to be a member?
Supreme Member 99,800 daughters-in-law can take home today
Okay, it's broken for my son's happiness.
Sister, you are so reliable.
You rest assured the girls are recommended by the AI intelligent system on our website.
Personal driving is the best.
The system of this contrasting app of mine actually shows that the second site originally specialized in using dating to deceive people and make hard-earned money.
The little girl who pays is responsible.
I've called the police.
Let's see who they arrest.
Consider me bad luck.
I've put the card away.
Saving some money is not easy.
Many scams
Be careful.
Thank you, girl.
Do you have a boyfriend?